capital = 1

oob = "HOD_Rep"
oob = "HOD_REP_naval"

set_research_slots = 4

set_stability = 0.1
set_convoys = 100
set_war_support = 0.02 

######CHARACTERS######
recruit_character = REP_sheev_palpatine
recruit_character = REP_Wilhuff_Tarkin
recruit_character = REP_obiwan_kenobi
recruit_character = REP_kiadimundi
recruit_character = REP_yoda
recruit_character = REP_mace_windu
recruit_character = REP_anakin_skywalker
recruit_character = REP_kit_fisto
recruit_character = REP_plo_koon
recruit_character = REP_saesee_tiin
recruit_character = REP_eeth_koth
recruit_character = REP_shaak_ti
recruit_character = REP_adi_gallia
recruit_character = REP_even_piell
recruit_character = REP_oppo_rancisis
recruit_character = REP_stass_allie
recruit_character = REP_depa_billaba
recruit_character = REP_agen_kolar
recruit_character = REP_coleman_trebor
recruit_character = REP_coleman_kcaj
recruit_character = REP_halsey
recruit_character = REP_kento_marek
recruit_character = REP_arligan_zey
recruit_character = REP_quinlan_vos
recruit_character = REP_nahdar_vebb
recruit_character = REP_luminara_unduli
recruit_character = REP_bultar_swan
recruit_character = REP_tyr
recruit_character = REP_tyffix
recruit_character = REP_etain_tur_mukan
recruit_character = REP_sev
recruit_character = REP_roan_shryne
recruit_character = REP_echuu_shen_jon
recruit_character = REP_aayla_secura
recruit_character = REP_bolla_ropal
recruit_character = REP_shon_kon_ray
recruit_character = REP_phton
recruit_character = REP_pablojill
recruit_character = REP_kazdan_paratus
recruit_character = REP_barriss_offee
recruit_character = REP_foul_moudama
recruit_character = REP_leska
recruit_character = REP_voolvif_monn
recruit_character = REP_kkruhk
recruit_character = REP_rahm_kota
recruit_character = REP_kai_justiss
recruit_character = REP_dass_jennir
recruit_character = REP_a_sharad_hett
recruit_character = REP_nejaa_halcyon
recruit_character = REP_ausar_auset
recruit_character = REP_daakman_barrek
recruit_character = REP_soon_bayts
recruit_character = REP_tsui_choi
recruit_character = REP_roron_corobb
recruit_character = REP_roblio_darter
recruit_character = REP_ima_gun_di
recruit_character = REP_tchooka_doon
recruit_character = REP_riike_en
recruit_character = REP_jor_drakas
recruit_character = REP_malcor_brashin
##############
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_dp_light_battery = 1
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	new_order = 0
	dark_side = 0
	akaanadocrat = 1
	unitist = 10
	corist = 15
	distributionist =  0
	corporate_consortium = 4
	trade_democrat = 13
	ruusanist = 1
	inclusivist = 39
	light_side = 17
}
add_ideas = {
	no_conscription
	legacy_of_ruusan
	republic_of_thousands
	widespread_race_war
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = inclusivist
	last_election = "999.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}